BatchFiles
==========

Misc. Windows Batch files for various purposes

<b>MoveOnDate.bat</b>

Moves files from a directory to another static directory based on date. Dates/folders will need to be hard-coded into the bat.

<b>delold.bat</b>

Accepts a parameter and then deletes everything from the current folder that is older than that date. Note: Will delete self if the .bat falls in defined date range.

usage: delold MM-DD-YYY

<b>RenameSuffix.bat</b>

Copy to folder with files you want to change. Will rename everything with suffix chosen (.txt), even this batch.
Note: Make sure to remove the REM from lines to activate each part.

Mongo
==========

Files for use explicitly with MongoDB.

<b>mongoMaint.bat</b>

Fires off a javascript (mongoMaint.js) file to be executed a certain number of times by a MongoDB instance.

usage: delold MM-DD-YYY

OpsView_Monitors
================

Windows batch files that read monitor outputs generated by various systems for use in OpsView

=====
MONGO -> OPSVIEW
=====
 <br>
<i>INFO: </i>
Assumes the following output exists: <br>
mongostat -h mongoserver -u "user" -p "password" -authenticationDatabase admin -n 1 --all --quiet > "S:\Some_Dir\MongoStats.txt" <br>
 <br>
<i>INFO: </i>Everything needed to be modified is at the beginning of each cmd/bat file. <br>
 <br>
<b>reportqr.cmd</b>  <br>
Reads output generated by mongostat and parses out qr (Queued to Read) for report to OpsView monitor.  <br>
 <br>
<b>reportqw.cmd</b> <br>
Reads output generated by mongostat and parses out qw (Queued to Write) for report to OpsView monitor.  <br>
 <br>
<b>reportlock.cmd</b>  <br>
Reads output generated by mongostat and parses out lock% (% of time DB in lock state) for report to OpsView monitor.  <br>
